# UTStats #
Logs game events in sql format for stat collection
Copyright (C) 2004/2005 azazel, )째DoE째(-AnthraX and pjmodos

This program is free software; you can redistribute and/or modify
it under the terms of the Open Unreal Mod License.
See license for more information.

_n.b. UTSAccuBeta packages were not originally released under the same license_

- - - -

## Version 3.0a beta ##
_Original release notes adapted for GitHub_

### What Is It ###
UTStats is a Serverside Actor and websystem that generates statistics from a custom NGStats log file.

### What Does It Record ###
Player Info
Frags and Item Pickups
Sprees (Doubles/Multis and Domination/Monster etc)
Team Events

### What Will I Need ###
Access to the logs
PHP & MySQL enabled website
PHP needs to allow ftpconnect etc if you wish to use auto-ftp of logs

### What Game Types Does it Support ###
All of them.
Specific pages have been coded though for Assault, CTF, DM, TDM(2-4 teams) and DOM(2-4 teams).

### Why Beta?/Any New Stuff to Come ###
Possible new stuff, but until I'm happy its 100% stable it stays as beta :)

### I Want to Help What Can I Do? ###
When the Beta is released please check the pages.
They might be able to be done more efficiently or other things could be added.
If you work something out, let us know, share, don't be one of the selfish people 
in life who keeps it to themselves.
Remember, the maps you likely play, the mods you use, someone shared them. 
If you can, now is your opportunity to share back.

## ChangeLog ##

### v3.0a beta ###
 - Updates to Special Event handling via LogSpecialEvent()
 - Fix Spree handling
 - Fix Combo handling
 
### v3.0 beta ###
 - Reverted to standard logs generated by NGStats with some custom information added by the server actor.
 - "UTSAccu" package created to track weapon statistics including damage and accuracy
 - UTGL support

### v2.0 beta ###
Custom server actor to generate logs.

### v1.0 ###
Coding by azazel and PJMODOS

Stats output for:

 - Player Joins/Leaves
 - Match Start/End
 - Frags and Item Pickups
 - Sprees (Doubles/Multis and Domination/Monster etc)
 - Events

## To Do (In order) ##

 - Add all round Accuracy Code
 - Centralised stats id for consistent player tracking
 - Centralised stats
 - Add SmartCTF Events
 - Add autodemorec option

## Thanks ##
El_Muerte, TNSe, )째DoE째(-AnthraX, Cruicky and Truff